Combine samples that showcase feature request mode (#1857)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-samples-qt: CppSamples/Features/ToggleBetweenFeatureRequestModes/README.md

* `OnInteractionCache` - fetches features within the current extent when needed (performing a pan or zoom) from the server and caches those features in a table on the client. Queries will be performed locally if the features are present, otherwise they will be requested from the server. This mode minimizes requests to the server and is useful for large batches of features which will change very infrequently.
* `OnInteractionNoCache` - always fetches features from the server and doesn't cache any features on the client. This mode is best for features which may changes often on the server or whose changes need to always be visible.
* `ManualCache` - only fetches features when explicitly populated from a query. This modes is best for features which change minimally or when it is not critical for the user to see the latest changes.

## How to use the sample

> Choose a request mode from the combo box. Pan and zoom to see how the features update at different scales. If you choose MANUAL\_CACHE, click the "Populate" button to manually get a cache with a subset of features.

Reviewer: > MANUAL\_CACHE

Not sure this special formatting is needed in a markdown doc

Author: Updated

## How it works

1. Create a `ServiceFeatureTable` with the a feature service URL.

> 2. Create a `FeatureLayer` with the feature table and add it to an `MapView.Map`'s operational layers to display it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a `FeatureLayer` with the feature table and add it to a map's operational layers to display it.
```

Author: Updated
